Can you do a handstand or cartwheel?
When you poop in a public toilet do you hover, build a nest, or just sit down?
What are some of your greatest fears?
Have you ever got majorly lost trying to get somewhere?
Are you currently plagued by a health problem?
What color annoys when you see it?
What is the least sexy name?
What do you think is more likely: Dracula or a werewolf?
Would you ever date someone with a kid or kids?
Would you ever pick up a hitchhiker?
Harry Potter or Lord of the Rings?
Would you consider being an Uber driver if you needed to make extra money?
Have you ever been or would you ever allow yourself to be hypnotized?
Have you ever written a letter to Santa?
Have you ever painted your room?
What was your high school GPA?
Have you ever walked out of a cinema before the film was done?
What are your interests?
What are small things that make you happy?
Tell the story behind everything you’re wearing now.
What’s a band/soundtrack you can listen to all day?
Have you ever attended a book reading? If so, what book?
What’s the best Wi-Fi name you’ve seen?
Do you smoke, drink, or take any drugs?
Target or Wal-Mart?
How do you secretly manipulate people to get your way?
Do you untie your shoes when you take them off?
Which was your favorite science? Biology, physics, or chemistry?
What would be the coolest animal to scale up to the size of a horse?
Do you install your computer updates really quickly or do you procrastinate on them a lot?
When was the last time you cried?
Which is better, violins or pianos?
How sensitive are you?
Are you financially responsible or do you still have problems managing money?
What have you eaten today?
What were some of your stuffed animal’s names from when you were a kid?
Do you like to receive bad news sugarcoated or bluntly?
What is your opinion on rats as pets?
What blood type do you have?
Do you have any self-restraint?
How many people do you know that have two first names?
What’s the most boring sport, and what would you do to make it more exciting?
Do you consider yourself to be high maintenance?
Who is someone that ticks you off?
Have you ever won clothing with the labels/tags still attached?
Do you have a favorite TV commercial? If so, what is it?
How do you feel about putting pineapple on pizza?
What did you think was going to be amazing but turned out to be horrible?
What is your favorite word beginning with the letter X?
Have you ever painted a house?
Do you like sunny days or rainy days more?
Who was your last kiss with? Was it pleasant?
Are you an introvert or extrovert?
Have you ever licked a battery?
Would you rather have a broken leg or broken arm?
What was your first email?
What’s fine in small numbers but terrifying in large numbers?
What has someone borrowed but never given back?
Have you ever stayed up 48 hours?
Which Pokémon starter would you choose: Bulbasaur, Squirtle, or Charmander?
Would you rather live near the ocean or in the mountains?
How often do you wear your hair in pigtails?
Have you ever been on a blind date?
What is something that everyone looks stupid doing?
Have you ever been pulled over by a cop? If so, what were you doing?
What are your favorite names?
When did you last sing to yourself? To someone else?
Have you ever hunted before?
If someone gave you $1,000 to burn a butterfly over a candle, would you?
Do you own any sex toys?
Have you ever maxed out your credit cards?
If you were in a band, what instrument/role would you play?
What is your preferred way to carry a purse: In your hand, on your elbow, or on your elbow?
Do you hold a grudge?
If you could go back to college and choose a different degree to study, would you?
What one thing could you easily live without?
How easy is it for you to get along with people?
What’s a recurring dream you have?
Do you say “Zee” or “Zed” to describe the letter Z?
What’s your opinion on age differences in relationships?
Are you close to your parents?
Do you get jealous easily?
Could you fire someone you’re friends with if it was your job?
What makes you lose sleep?
What crime have you considered committing?
What do you collect?
What makes a day a good one?
What’s the hairstyle you wear the most?
Are you a pessimist or an optimist?
What flavor ice cream do you hate?
Have you ever gotten a surgery?
Pirates/Cowboys/Ninjas, who do you root for?
Who are your favorite writers?
What is your phone background?
Favorite moon phase?
What awful movie do you love?
What did your last text message say?
Do you have any scars? If so, how did you get them?
How do you like to preserve memories?
If you could wake up tomorrow having gained any one quality or ability, what would it be?
Favorite leaf color?
What is the longest you’ve ever rea
What’s something you never leave home without?
What are your plans for this weekend?
What fictional characters have you had a crush on over the years?
Do you think street smarts count for anything?
If you were granted three wishes, what would you do with the second wish?
If you were to throw a message in a bottle, what would it say?
Were you popular in school? If so, what made you popular?
Have close are you to your family?
If you started your own podcast, what would it be about?
If karma was coming back to you, would it help or hurt you?
If someone assigned you a random job to start, what’s the worst career for you?
What is something quirky you find attractive in a person?
Do you have any family secrets?
Who are you and what is your story?
What is your opinion about socks? Do you like wearing weird socks? Do you sleep with socks? Do you confine yourself to white sock hell? Just talk about socks.
Before making a telephone call, do you ever rehearse what you are going to say? Why?
If you could design an amusement park ride, what would it be like?
What’s the best thing that ever happened to you?
How many romantic “things” or “flings” have you had?
Have you ever talked in your sleep?
Would you rather go to California or Texas on vacation?
What would you consider to be the perfect romantic getaway?
Have you ever made someone cry?
Besides turkey, what is your favorite Thanksgiving food?
What type of people scare you?
Most beautiful thing you’ve ever seen (in real life)?
How often do you leave tips at a restaurant?
Have you ever tried online dating? Why or why not?
What vegetable do you hate?
Do you like rain?
What would be the creepiest thing you could say while passing a stranger on the street?
Would you rather own a dragon or be a dragon?
In one sentence, how would you sum up the internet?
Where would you most like to live?
How many slices of pizza can you eat in one sitting?
Describe your shower routine.
What would your ideal flower crown look like?
What’s a comic that you read? Marvel, DC, etc?
Were you a part of any academic clubs in high school or college?
What’s the funniest thing you’ve seen a kid do?
Do you prefer popcorn or candy with your movie?
What is your greatest fear?
What magazine would you like to be on the cover of?
What is something your parents or friends would warn me about you?
If you could make any animal miniature, what would you make and why?
Who is your favorite author beginning with the letter R?
Were you ever in a school play?
What is something you swore you would never do when you grew up, but you did anyway?
Have you ever had an internship?
What is your ideal bed? Why?
Have you ever worn a skirt or a dress without any panties underneath?
Have you ever walked out on dinner with someone?
What is your most treasured memory?
What is something that is really popular now, but in 5 years everyone will look back on and be embarrassed by?
What are some of your pet peeves?
How often do you drop your cell phone?
What random objects do you use to bookmark your books?
What words or phrases do you most overuse?
What movie did you love the original but hate the sequel?
Complete this phrase: No southern meal is complete without____.
Where can you find the best view in your city?
First mobile phone?
If God himself gave you a choice of either having unlimited money for the rest of your life or finding your one true love starting tomorrow, which one would you choose (keep in mind, you are still able to make a ton of money if you choose love, and you are still able to meet your soul mate if you choose money)?
Would you kill an innocent person if you thought it might mean saving a dozen others?
Do you like the color pink?
Do you think it’s important for a wife to take her husband’s last name?
Do you smile at strangers when you pass by them on the street?
What is your favorite party game?
If you were out at dinner with no cash, what would you do or say to get the bill paid?
The power to communicate with animals or the power to communicate with plants?
When you get out of the shower, do you towel dry, blow dry, or air dry your hair?
If you could turn one legal thing illegal, what would it be?
Which apocalyptic dystopia do you think is most likely?
That cereal you’ve enjoyed to this day?
Land/Air/Sea, which would you live in if able to without dying?
If you were a kitchen appliance, which one would you be and why?
What are some things you find endearing in people?
Have you every tried to scream in your head?
Have you ever glued your hand to something?
Is it dangerous to go alone?
Have you ever left a movie theater before the movie was done?
What do you love most about the holiday season?
What is your favorite mix of salty and sweet?
What comforts you on bad days?
If you were to be born again, would you want to be born male or female?
Does time heal all woulds or is that just a saying?
Imagine that you are unable to express emotion. How would this affect your world?
When is it time to end a friendship?
Would you rather give your money or time to a charity?
That thing that isn’t creepy to others but still creeps you out?
What’s the most annoying thing about your best friend/s?
What actors or actresses play the same character in almost every movie or show they do?
Create a character right now. Give them a name, age, and character description.
What is your Myer Briggs type, zodiac sign, and Hogwarts house?
Do you have an iPhone?
What do you like to eat with your sandwich? (soup, fries, etc)?
Do you have a problematic friend?
Either & neither: Do you say i-thur and nye-thur or e-thur and knee-thur?
What achievements are you most proud of?
Have you even been caught in a love triangle?
Where do you plan on traveling this year?
What outdoor activity haven’t you tried, but would like to?
Have you ever turned into a detective checking up on someone or something?
If your best friend admitted that they have a crush on you, how would you react?
Do you believe in the validity of IQ tests?
Have you ever made your own orange juice?
Are you afraid of the dark? If so, why?
What is a lie that you tell people regularly?
What’s your shoe size?
What life skills are rarely taught but extremely useful?
What kind of underwear do you imagine Sherlock Holmes wears?
What is your favorite store at the mall?
Do you prefer blue or black inked pens?
What is the most cliche thing you have done in your life?
If you could do anything (and I mean ANYTHING) right now without consequences, what would you do and why?
List the pets that you’ve had.
Would you rather wear shoes every single second for the rest of your life or never be allowed to wear shoes ever again?
What have you forgotten?
Do you or have you ever worn glasses?
How often do you smile when getting your picture taken?
Is your belly button an innie or an outie?
Do you have an expansive vocabulary?
What’s your favorite eye color?
Have you ever locked your keys in your car?
When you find someone physically attractive, what’s the first thing you notice?
Do you have any nicknames?
Do you know how to play chess?
What is your favorite children’s story?
What’s the highest you’ve ever jumped into the water from?
How many pairs of shoes do you own?
Do you have an ex who’s name starts with a “J”?
Describe your dream library.
What do you spend most of your money on?
What’s invisible but you wish people could see?
Do you like to accessorize your outfits?
Did you ever have an embarrassing moment in gym class in school?
Which is worse, when a good friend moves away, or losing touch with a good friend who lives right near you?
Scenario: You just became a celebrity, as people begin to know about you more, the person you trust the most starts sharing your darkest secrets for money, how would you react?
Are you a morning person?
Have you ever played dress up?
Have you ever been truly scared?
Do you trust people that don’t look you in the eye?
If you could live forever, would you want to?
How many hearts do you think you have broken?
Is it cute when a boy/girl calls you baby?
If you saw someone drop a $10 bill, would you keep it or try to return it?
What makes you feel like a kid again?
How do you feel about GMOs?
Do you often have a tune in your head you can’t name?
Do you sleep with your window open?
Is a hotdog a sandwich?
Have you ever won any kind of contest?
Can you name all 50 state capitals in the US?
If you were an element on the Periodic Table, which would you be and why?
Disney or Nickelodeon?
Have you ever been arrested?
Do you watch anime?
What qualities make you successful? What qualities make you fail?
What is the fastest way to get you bored?
Do you have any international friends / friends who live out of state?
How often do guys hit on you?
What instrument do you know how to play?
How important is it to learn the basics?
What was one thing you begged your parents for as a kid and they finally gave it to you?
Dogs or Cats?
Have you ever been on a pogo stick?
What is your favorite background noise? (Ex. Water dripping, people talking.)
When getting ready for a party, what takes you forever?
What is the most important thing to carry with you all the time?
What is your opinion on electronic music such as dubstep or trap?
Where do you cut costs when you need to save?
Would you feel any different if you suddenly found out you were adopted?
That show from your childhood?
How do you usually start a conversation?
If you started a business tomorrow, what would it be?
Are you planning on getting tattoos?
What is the most embarrassing, cringe-worthy thing you have ever done?
Who was your first crush?
Have you ever stole money from a friend?
Do you like fairytales?
How long was your longest relationship?
What do you usually put on a hamburger?
Favorite non-chocolate candy?
That thing you bought that didn’t meet expectations?
Have you ever drunk anything from a mason jar?
What’s the last time you went hikin g? Did you enjoy it?
What one thing does your mom do that makes you laugh?
What nervous habits do you have?
Have you ever dotted your I’s with a heart or a smiley face?
Do you influence people more than they influence you?
Have you won a contest or giveaway?
Do you have any subscriptions?
What are some fun ways to answer everyday questions like “how’s it going” or “what do you do”?
Do you still watch cartoons? If so, which ones?
Could you ever split up a couple for one reason or another?
Do you think that children born today will have better or worse lives than their parents?
Are you a lover or a fighter?
Besides a pickle, what is your favorite thing that’s pickled?
Have you ever played spin the bottle?
Have you ever used the phrase “back in my time” to someone younger than you?
Can you roll your R’s?
What weapon would you carry during the Zombie Apocalypse?
Would you ever set up a nanny cam to spy on someone watching your kids?
Do you have breakfast every morning?
What are some of your worst habits?
Were you ever a boy/girl scout? If so, what was the best thing you learned?
Have you ever broken the law and didn’t get caught?
How good of a tipper are you when going out?
Have you ever been told you’re hot by a complete stranger?
What’s the funniest question you ever asked your parents when you were younger?
Have you ever ridden a mechanical bull or would you?
Which do you prefer: pony tails or pig tails?
What’s the most dramatic thing you’ve ever done to prove a point?
Spicy food:Like or dislike?
Do you own a Swiss army knife?
What makes you feel safe?
Have you ever dated 2 people at the same time?
What did you want to be when you were little?
Have you ever walked out of a restaurant or a bar without your bill. If so, why?
Coke or Pepsi?
Should graduating high school be mandatory?
Do you like hugging people?
How many phone numbers do you have committed to memory? Whose numbers are they?
First three songs in your favorite playlist?
Do you have any “rules” about food?
Do you have any allergies?
Are you reliable?
Something you were accused of that you never did..
What is a truth about yourself that others find hard to believe?
How many second graders do you think you could fight off before you become overwhelmed?
What is one thing people buy that you think is a total waste of money?
What are you “self-taught”?
How many monogrammed items do you own?
Do you say curse words? If so, which one do you use the most?
Would you raise your kids the way your parents raised you?
Have you ever snuck out of your house?
What vegetable would you pick for a fight against a 10-year-old?
Favorite fandom?
How did you celebrate last Halloween?
Do you have a “look” (i.e. a mad/annoyed/upset stare)?
How often do you hold doors open for other people?
Have you ever watched any shows such as Project Runway or America’s Next Top Model?
Do you prefer texting or talking on the phone?
Baths or showers?
Do you keep a budget?
If today you only had what you were thankful for yesterday, how much would you have?
What is your favorite popcorn topping?
Have you ever been professionally photographed?
When its your birthday do you always wear an age badge?
Have you ever owned a goldfish?
Describe yourself in one word.
What is your favorite part of the day?
What was your biggest fear as a kid? Is it still the same?
Name three things which attracted you to your current crush.
Do you have a specific disease that runs in your family that worries you?
Do you carve all the way through your pumpkins or just scrape/shade them?
List some things that you think are overpriced?
What was the name of the first album you ever bought and who was it by?
If you had a clone, what would you have the clone do?
What is a weird fact that you know?
Do you let messages (phone, email, text, social media, etc…) build up, or do you have to look at them right away?
What is your Hogwarts house?
How much money would make you happy?
List 5 things you want to do before the year ends.
Would you rather live in the city or in the countryside?
Can you solve a Rubik’s Cube?
Do you like living alone or with someone?
Do you believe in the term “Mother knows best”?
How old do you feel?
Are you the friendzoner or the friendzoned?
What restores your faith in humanity?
Have you ever been attracted to someone your best friend was dating?
Which are cooler: dinosaurs or dragons?
How jealous are you when it comes to your significant other?
You just opened up a web browser. What is the first site you visit?
What’s something really cute that one of your friends does and is totally endearing?
What’s your favorite season?
What is your favorite activity or way to workout?
SUPER SMASH BROS! CHOOSE YOUR CHARACTER!?
Do you consider yourself anything such as a southern belle, Georgia peach, or a Dixie chick?
What color looks best on you?
Have you ever dated someone your parents didn’t like?
Favorite creature in fiction that you would keep as a pet?
What’s your most expensive piece of clothing?
Do you believe in kissing on the first date?
Do you have any guilty pleasures?
What relationships or friendship do you regret ended?
Do you sleep on your back, side, or stomach?
If you broke down on the side of the road, could you change your own tire without help?
What makes you cringe?
Is there a food you loved as a kid but hate as an adult?
What would be the worst “buy one get one free” sale of all time?
If I were to summon you via black magic, which 5 items would I need in each corner of the pentagram?
Where do you get your news?
Have you ever made your own ice cream?
If you could have a clone to help you out when life gets busy, would you want one?
What is the most interesting thing you can see out of the nearest window?
Do you own a lava lamp?
What movie ending really frustrated you?
You’re auctioning yourself off for charity. Why would someone pay big dollars for you?
What movie completely changes its plot when you change one letter in its title? What’s the new movie about?
Do you do any yoga?
Thoughts on school dress codes?
Do you buy anything organic?
At what age did you have your first kiss?
Text or call?
Would you rather learn fencing or archery?
What part of your routine do you always try to skip if you can?
Who is the first friend you remember making and how old were you?
Do you like your significant other’s friends? Why or why not?
What is your opinion on first impressions?
Where was the last place you traveled to?
Are you a bad loser?
Something on your “to-do list” that never gets done.
What’s the spiciest thing you’ve ever eaten?
Would you want to have a lot of bridesmaids or just a couple?
Which do you prefer: a museum, a night club, the forest or a library?
If you could take home any one animal from the zoo, which animal would you choose?
Have you ever rescued an animal? If so, did you take it to a shelter?
Will the USA ever have a female president?
Are you a shopaholic?
If you were a serial killer, what would your modus operandi be?
Do you prefer to hang out with the same sex or the opposite sex?
Do you like throwing parties?
Have you ever been kicked out of anything?
What’s the craziest lie you’ve ever told?
Are you afraid of dying?
What is one thing you’d change about the current city you live in now?
Have you ever claimed to be something you’re not?
If you had $1 billion and you had to spend it in exactly one week, what would you spend it on?
How fast can you say the alphabet?
Do you like taking selfies? Why or why not?
Have you ever been mugged?
What current friend do you have that you’ve known the longest?
Has someone ever given you a “last chance” and for what?
What are you really lazy about?
What is the creepiest toy ever made?
Could you live without electricity for a week?
What’s the worst backhanded compliment you could give someone?
What do you feel is the perfect food for a food fight?
Have you ever slept with someone at least 5 years older or younger?
Imagine if you had an older brother. If you already have one, what is it like? If you don’t, how would this change your life?
Are you afraid of ghosts?
Have you ever bought anything off iTunes?
Tell me two facts about your country of birth
What’s the craziest conversation you’ve overheard?
What do you think one of the biggest cons about being famous?
Biggest turn ons and turn on offs.
What is a superficial yet annoying mistake you constantly make?
What would you do if someone proposed to you tomorrow?
Can you blow a bubble gum bubble?
What is something you hate but wished you love?
What’s the weirdest item you’ve ever mourned?
Have you ever lived with a roommate you did not get along with?
Are you a convincing liar or can people see through you?
Do you know your IQ?
If you’re in school, do you dress up in a costume during the school day?
Earbud or earmuff headphones?
What’s better broken than whole?
Did you do anything special for your 16th birthday?
If your five-year-old self suddenly found themselves inhabiting your current body, what would your five-year-old self do first?
How many male friends do you have?
What is the most annoying question people ask you?
Do your dreams ever tell you to do anything?
What is your biggest debt right now?
Do you like the person that you’re becoming?
How flexible are you?
Have you ever been a ballerina?
Fill in the blank: You can’t buy happiness, but you can buy______.
What was the worst hairstyle you ever had?
What do you consider your greatest achievement?
A character from a book/TV show/movie that shouldn’t have died?
Could you ever be a medical guinea pig?
Have you ever been on TV?
Have you ever used the opposite sex restroom in an emergency? If not, would you?
Do you listen to any religious music?
If you could steal one thing without consequence, what would it be?
If we were to play hide and seek right now, where would you hide?
What brand are you most loyal to?
What is one thing people automatically notice about you?
Has anyone ever tried to set you up on a date?
What charity holds a special place in your heart?
Do you think athletes and actors are overpaid?
Would you rather take a very long train ride or a very long plane ride?
What color do you wear the most?
Can you juggle?
How often do you laugh?
Out of 100 random people, where would you rank yourself in terms of your intelligence?
Have you ever sold anything?
What is your favorite way to waste time?
If you do drink alcohol, favorite?
From 1-10, how much are you like your father?
Tell us about the stuffed animal you kept as a kid. What is it called? What does it look like? Do you still keep it?
Have you ever tried using a toilet while standing up?
What is the number one thing that people are always asking you for help with?
What seemingly innocent question makes you think “It’s a trap!”?
When you poop at home, do you drop your pants around your ankles or take them all the way off?
Do you believe in serendipity?
What’s the best type of cheese?
What would you do if you had multiple arms?
Are you any good at giving massages?
What trend are you tired of?
Favorite John Green book?
Have you ever been in a submarine?
What was your ACT score?
What’s the reason behind your username?
What’s your favorite thing to do on lazy days when you have no obligations?
Do you operate better at night or during the day?
What could someone use to bribe you?
Do you like children? Why or why not?
When you were a kid did you ever ask Santa for anything?
If you have to be handcuffed to someone for 24 hours, who would it be?
Imagine that you have switched bodies with someone you don’t know. You can’t switch back. What do you do?
Have you ever used your cleavage or a bra as a purse?
Which talent would you most like to have?
If there was a movie based on your life, what would it be called?
If 100 people in your age group were selected randomly, how many do you think they’d find leading a happier life than you?
Have you ever felt an earthquake?
What bad habits do you think kids pick up from their parents?
Would you say you have more of an English brain than a math brain?
Fight or flight?
How strict are you going to be as a parent?
Do you play any games on your phone?
Have you entered a talent contest? What was your act?
What was your favorite bedtime story as a child?
From 1-10, how much of a hopeless romantic are you?
Do you believe in God or a higher power?
You have just woken up for the morning. What is the first things you do?
Are you a gossip?
Do you have a secret hunch about how you will die?
What’s the smartest thing you’ve seen an animal do?
What is your favorite scent?
Have you ever assembled furniture by yourself?
Do you like comic books? If so, what is your favorite?
What do you think about the “tiny house” craze and is it for you?
How often do you say y’all?
Pet Koala or Pet Panda?
Rock, paper, scissors!
Did you ever fail a subject in school? If so, what class?
Which song do you hate the most?
What’s something you want to do that you’d be embarrassed to tell other people about?
What did you Google last?
What are some movies you think everyone should watch at least once in their lives?
Should parenting classes be mandatory for new parents?
How tech savvy are you?
How judgmental are you towards other people?
Which term do you use: soda, pop, bubbly, or Coke?
Do you have a favorite coffee shop?
Do you forgive and forget, just forgive but not forget, or neither?
Do you sing to yourself?
What is your favorite hiding place?
How often do you wash your hair?
What inspires your ideas?
Do you sleep with the TV or radio on?
What’s the longest you’ve gone without speaking to your best friend? Why?
How do you prefer your potatoes? If you don’t like potatoes, why?
What was an offer you couldn’t refuse?
You just turned your car on. What station is the radio tuned to?
How many all nighters have you pulled?
List two things that are more easily done than said. (No, I didn’t mix them up.)
How often do you ride a bicycle?
What is your favorite fruit?
Do you like crop tops?
How do you get rid of hiccups?
Have ever been on a cable car?
What is the first thing people usually notice about you?
Have you ever had to lug around other people’s stuff?
Do you like buying CDs and records? What was the last one you bought?
Do you ever forward or reply to chain mails?
What is your go-to beverage?
What was your first job?
Are you a fussy person?
What is your favorite flower?
Have you ever felt you were born in the wrong period of history?
What is the most important thing about electronics? What does this say about you?
What’s the coldest you’ve ever been?
Do you think ignorance is bliss?
Have you ever colored in an adult coloring book? If so, did you like it?
What do you like most about your appearance?
Are you a registered voter?
Can you easily move forward after a hurt?
What is your favorite short story?
If you had to eat a crayon out of its box, what color would it be?
If humans didn’t evolve to laugh or smile, how would we express our happiness instead?
Do you like the “craft” food and drink movement?
Have you ever worn the same outfit more than once?
Have you ever talked yourself out of a driving ticket by using your looks?
What is or was your best subject in school?
What’s your favorite planet?
Do you use emoticons?
What hobby or activity do you think is totally boring that other people enjoy?
How grammatically correct are you when you text?
Have you ever played Sudoku? On a scale of 1-10 how good are you?
What’s the wildest thing you’ve ever done?
Do you think e-books take away from the experience?
Do you like your handwriting?
Favorite Pokemon(s)/Digimon(s)/Monster Rancher(s) and why?
What is the lamest thing that you have seen someone do?
What was the last friendship you broke?
If you had to choose never to use Twitter, Instagram or YouTube again, which one would you let go?
What do you call your evening meal? Dinner or supper?
Do you think smiles are contagious and do you smile more than not?
What’s your favorite part of fall?
What is your favorite food to eat raw?
What shampoo do you use?
What topic would you be totally clueless about if it came up in a conversation?
What TV character do you most relate to?
Do you think your best friends would ditch you if they were to get a boyfriend/girlfriend?
Have you ever thought you were pregnant because your period was late?
What was the last picture you took with your phone?
If you had to lose one of your 5 senses, which one would you give up?
Give your funniest answer to “Why did the chicken cross the road?”
Have you ever been lost?
What is something you’re teased about relentlessly?
What do you make way more complicated than it has to be?
What is the most terrifying dream you’ve ever had?
What is the likelihood you’ll make the half-court at a game for some serious cash?
Have you ever had a health scare?
Have you ever worn any fake eyelashes or fake nails?
What was your SAT score?
What’s the social mediate you use the most?
Do you think a stay at home mom works just as hard as a career woman?
Which medium do you use for expressing your artistic emotions? (Singing, writing, etc.)
What is your preferred swimming stroke?
Are you self-conscious of your smile?
Have you ever swallowed your gum?
What is the best advice someone has given you?
What would you ride into battle? Living, dead, mechanical, real or fictional.
What do you hate most about dating?
How important is privacy to you?
What’s the best costume you’ve ever worn?
What is something dumb/funny that you did that has since gone down in history between you and your friends?
What are some misconceptions about your hobby?
What is your favorite film beginning with the letter L?
Do you have what it takes to raise a child? Why or why not?
How sort of pets do you have or want to have?
Have you ever been called immature? If so, what were you doing?
Do you shower at night or in the morning?
The oddest job you ever took to earn a buck?
Do you believe in the saying “kill your enemies with kindness”?
Do you sometimes spend money you don’t have or live above your means?
What would be the hat to end all hats? What could you wear on your head that would make people stop what they are doing and stare in awe and amazement?
Do you like scary movies?
What’s your favorite warm drink and favorite cold drink?
What is your favorite kind of puzzle?
Have you ever brushed your teeth?
What makes you feel old?
How often do you curl your hair?
Would you rather be perceived as likable or competent?
Do you find it easy to drop toxic people from your life that you’ve known for a long time?
If you could create one social norm, what would it be?
Have you ever made a ball of twine or rubber bands?
Do you have a favorite Disney movie? Character?
What is something that you eat that other people would find gross?
Do you have a crush right now? Who is it?
If you participated tomorrow, could you win a spelling bee?
Have you ever spied on anyone via social media?
Favorite type of food from that good old fashion food pyramid?
Can you build a house of cards?
What emoji best describes your life right now?
What is the worst advice you’ve ever been given?
Have you ever bolstered your resume to get a job you realy wanted?
Would you ever turn in a family member if they broke the law?
Do you get tan, or do you burn?
If you’re into that sort of thing, what peaks your “interests”?
Are you a good judge of character?
Do you enjoy talking or listening?
How emotional are you?
Would you rather own a cabin by the woods, a country home, a condo by the beach, or an apartment in the city?
What is your most embarrassing moment in public?
Would you ever consider living in Iceland?
Could you ever be a mortician if it paid really well and you needed a job?
What’s the most rage inducing game you’ve ever played?
How long can you hold your breath?
Can you tap dance?
Which fantasy world would you like to visit the most?
What does the sight of blood do to you?
What is the last thing you downloaded onto your computer?
If you could shoot one condiment from your belly button, what would it be and why?
Do you ask enough questions or do you settle for what you know?
What keeps you balanced in life and work?
What did you think was stupid until you tried it?ut with
Which quality do you value most in a fictional relationship?
Do you watch football? If so, do you have any special game day rituals?
Do you ever watch movies with subtitles?
Have you ever been in a car accident?
What is your style?
If your significant other went to jail, would you wait for them to get out?
Can you whistle?
What was the most important appointment or deadline you missed?
Have you ever felt like you didn’t fit in?
Have you ever had a surprise party?
In a typical week, how much time do you spend on the Internet?
What do you think about men who want to be a stay at home dad?
Would you ever consider adopting a child?
What “old person” things do you do?
How easily do you cry?
What are your plans for the upcoming weekend?
How’s your aim?
Would you ever date someone much older or younger than you?
Describe yourself in terms of food.
Do you still have your wisdom teeth?
What are your favorite baby names?
How do you take your tea?
Do you buy people mementos when you go on vacation?
Do you like to cuddle?
Have you ever carried a spare pair of underwear with you in your purse?
Do you have vision problems?
What sound relaxes you?
What countries have you lived in/visited?
Have you ever tossed your own pancake?
Do you live in an area that gets all four seasons?
Would you rather lie or hurt someone with the truth?
How impulsive are you?
Have you ever cheated on a test?
Do you bite your nails?
Have you ever taken part in a parade? If so, why and what did you do?
Have you ever given anyone CPR?
If you could choose one celebrity to be your parent, who would you choose?
Who has been your most memorable teacher?
What makes you nostalgic?
What are some clever examples of misdirection you’ve seen?
Can you do the splits?
What are your favorite board games?
What birthday do you feel is more of a landmark: 16th, 18th, or 21st?
Who makes you laugh more than anyone?
Are you usually on time for things or are you habitually late?
Would you risk being late to work and fired in order to save an injured dog?
How do you feel about people dressing up their pets in costumes?
What’s an unpopular opinion that you have?
What did you receive last Valentines Day?
Have you ever been attacked with a creamy bakery product?
Which activities make you lose track of time?
Can you fall asleep in a car?
What is a memory you think of often?
Do you have any cool party tricks?
Have you ever drank a non-alcoholic beverage out of a wine glass?
Have you ever tried spam? (the meat product)
Have you ever had to leave someone behind?
How well can you write in cursive?
What is your most prized possession?
Do you hide anything from your parents?
Is it better to be lazy but smart or hardworking but unintelligent?
At what age did you have your first alcoholic beverage?
What is your morning routine?
How early in the year do you start celebrating Christmas?
Random girls’ name.
Whom do you secretly admire?
Are you a daredevil?
Have you ever cried at a movie?
Have you ever given money to a street performer?
If you HAD to have one plastic surgery, what would you get and why?
Do you sing in the shower?
Do you tend to live in the past, present, or future?
Have you ever “woke up like this”?
Have you ever shoplifted? If so, what was it?
Name the last book you read.
What is your occupation? Do you enjoy it?
What is one thing college freshmen should be prepared for?
When you die, do you want to be buried or cremated?
How did you get your name?
Would you take a bullet for anyone you know?
Do you like ice in your drinks?
What RPG class would you be?
For those kinky people, those closeted thoughts? That “ideal” scenario?
What time of the day do you feel the most energetic and what do you usually do in those moments?
Do you have a scar? If so, how did you get it?
What’s the most awkward thing that happens to you on a regular basis?
How easy are you to satisfy?
Describe your go to hairstyle / makeup routine.
Do you think home schooling is beneficial or harmful?
Have you ever been at the wrong place at the wrong time?
Do you bite or lick ice cream?
Would you rather go fishing or play golf?
Something you fear might change you?
What was the first responsibility your parents gave you as a kid?
Are you a virgin?
How do you approach people?
What was the last movie you watched?
Do you like going to the beach? If so, do you like to stay dry or go in the water? If not, why?
When you have cereal, do you have more milk than cereal or more cereal than milk?
What is the closest Big City you live by?
If you were in charge, what 3 items would you have in the office vending machine?
Are you a trendsetter?
What is your preferred playing piece in Monopoly?
Do you sleep with socks on?
What is the heaviest you have ever weighed?
If you were to enter a food eating contest, what would you want the food to be?
Has anyone ever been a jerk to you for no reason?
How long did you last phone call last?
How old do you think is too old to have a baby?
What do you have within arms reach of your bed?
Do you have any lucky items, objects, or traditions?
Have you ever been to a summer camp?
Who was your craziest / most interesting teacher
How many concerts have you been to?
What is your weirdest trait?
If you could be any mythological creature, what would you be?
Are you good at keeping secrets?
Most prominent childhood memory?
Have you ever accidentally dialed 911?
Does it matter if your bra and panties match or not?
Do you always wear identical socks?
What is your opinion on beauty in today’s society?
How short is too short for skirts and dresses?
Is there such a thing as a perfect match?
You go on a blind date. Your date is extremely beautiful and physically captivating, but you hate their personality. Would you want a second date?
Have you ever thought about dating a really good friend?
What’s the last book you remember really, really loving?
Do you like raking leaves?
Favorite constellation?
Which of your five senses would you keep if you could only keep one?
How often do you snort when you laugh?
Can you use chopsticks when you eat or have you tried?
What’s the worst thing your parents ever said to you?
What wild animal deserves our protection?
Do you think a fling could be a good thing?
Where are you considered a regular at?
Do you prefer your hair longer or shorter?
What’s something that people think makes them look cool, but actually has the opposite effect?
Have you ever been locked out of your home?
Have you ever dream that you married someone?
Have you ever been bitten or attacked by an animal? If so, what and why?
Will you still celebrate your birthday the older you get?
Would you rather swim in a pool or in an ocean?
Would you still buy a desktop computer or do you consider them obsolete?
What movie can you watch over and over without ever getting tired of?
Do you usually say what’s on your mind or do you hold back?
Are you in the minion hateclub or fanclub?
Do you have a piggy bank?
Do you believe in PDA?
Would you rather have a lot of friends to hang out with or just one best friend?
Do you know how many kids you want?
What is something totally relatable to you?
Would you work less and do more of th things you enjoy if it meant you had less money?
What is your favorite band beginning with the letter Q?
Do you like champagne? If so, what is your favorite brand?
Do you regret going or not going to college?
What was something you used to enjoy, but was ruined for you? What’s the story behind that?
What are some things you did as a child that you no longer do?
Have you ever gone back to a place that gave you horrible service?
Do you believe in coincidences?
Have you ever shoved things in the closet to make your room look clean?
Who in your life has the best / worst luck?
Do you have any strange body things?
Have you ever bought a lottery ticket?
Do you prefer male or female singers voices?
If you could transform into a woodland creature, which would you be?
What profession do you think is the most undervalued today?
Do you like wearing hats?
What color are your pants?
Have you ever sucked on a lemon?
Is sex before marriage wrong?
If your life was a movie, what kind of soundtrack would it have?
What do you wear to bed?
What is your favorite thing to put on ice cream?
What’s the most expensive thing you own?
From 1-10, how cute do you consider your laugh?
Who do you think Jack the Ripper was?
What’s an odd thing you collect?
Which is better, Mario or Sonic?
Do you stick to conventional fashion or like to be original?
Do you enjoy spending time in or near gardens?
One insecurity:
What was the most unsettling film you’ve seen?
How do you feel about red heads?
How do you sleep?
How blunt are you and what is the boldest thing you’ve said to someone?
Would you be open to preserving your body through cryogenics?
Have you ever been a cheerleader?
Would you like to be famous? In what way?
Which animated character do you feel you most connect with?
What’s your favorite piece of clothing you own?
What are you terrible at but love to do anyway?
Do you think cheerleaders are motivating or distracting at football games?
How do you feel about slime?
Do you watch The Bachelor or The Bachelorette?
Could you ever go out with someone just because they’re rich?
When you were a kid, did you ever want to run away from home?
Do you believe in aliens?
Have you ever gone to school partially naked?
What’s the weirdest text or email you’ve gotten?
Would you ever steal to provide for your family?
Have you ever been cheated on?
What do you frown upon when it comes to raising kids?
Have you ever participated in a sport? If so, which one?
Would you rather be hated or forgotten?
Do you ever laugh at things you shouldn’t?
List 3 activities that you can only enjoy by yourself.
What is your favorite dessert?
Have you ever donated blood and if so, do you do it regularly?
Would you rather have a burglar in the house or that your house is haunted?
What’s something that you bought online recently?
Would you rather be able to play every musical instrument or speak every language fluently?
Have you ever been stood up for a date?
Would you rather have an ugly hairstyle or be bald?
What small change greatly improves a person’s appearance?
Do you think libraries are still useful?
What is the cleverest way you ever asked for someone’s phone number?
How have you changed over the last 5 years?
List 5 things that are on your wish list.
Have you ever ran a red light?
Handshakes, high fives, or fist bumps?
What is the quickest way to your heart?
Describe the worst friend you have ever befriended.
Do you know what an Arnold Palmer is and if so, do you like it?
Have you ever been pushed into a pool with all your clothes on?
What thing have you made that you are most proud of?
Would you rather someone go through your phone (text messages and all) or go through your internet history?
What is the biggest challenge kids face today?
What is the worst thing about being your gender?
What type of shoes do you wear the most?
What are the pros and cons of straightforward?
Are you in touch with your inner child?
Do you believe in one best friend or just friends?
Did you go to prom?
Have you ever been told that to have cute handwriting?
Do you think celebrities should be looked at as a role model or just for entertainment?
Describe a near-death experience.
Do you overexaggerate? What are the pros and cons of this?
You are hanging with your closest friends. What are you most likely doing?
How much affection do you need to feel happy?
What’s your best example of fake it till you make it?
Did you apply to or win any scholarships?
Do you talk to yourself?
Have you ever been scuba diving?
Have you ever practiced origami?
Have you pooped already today?
Have you ever ridden in a limousine?
Have you ever gone bobbing for apples?
Have you ever been told you have an accent?
When you meet a new person, do you like about yourself or prefer to let them talk?
What superpower would ruin the world?
What bad habits do you do?
If you had the option to never have to sleep again, or never have to eat again, which would you choose? Why?
What is your favorite occupation?
Have you ever slept naked?
How’s the weather right now?
Are you a fanatic of anything or anyone?
Would you rather eat or drink your calories?
What is the best knock knock joke you’ve heard?
Do you still have feelings for an ex that never went away?
Describe a moment you were so embarrassed you wanted to disappear.
Do you respond to texts quickly?
How many items do you own that are of a floral print design?
Do you smoke?
How shy are you when you meet new people?
When have you ever really scared yourself?
Are you a person who drowns their pasta in cheese or a person who barely sprinkles a pinch?
How many hats do you own?
If you were on death row, what would be your last meal?
Which character made a more substantial impact on your childhood than you realized back then?
Do you ask strangers to pet their dogs?
What do you daydream about?
Do you name your plants?
How often do you go to parties? If you don’t, what do you do instead?
Are you any good at burlap sack races?
What would you do if you made a mistake and somebody died?
How many backup plans do you make for your original plan?
What show do you watch that isn’t targeted for your age group?
What is something unique that you do every single day?
Do you have in-laws? If so, do you get along with them?
Are you an organ donor? Why or why not?
Favorite physical feature on the opposite sex?
Do you think opposites attract?
What is something children of today are not doing enough of?
Do you use Spotify?
Would you rather go without junk food for a year or go without TV for a year?
If evil-doers invaded your country, would you rush to the battle lines or hide?
Have you ever drawn on a sleeping person?
Have you ever been suspended from school?
Finish this sentence as if it were your life: “It was a dark and stormy night.”
If you were famous, would you want a statue or a building named after you?
Teenage parents, good, bad or indifferent?
Have you ever been whistled at in public?
Describe a time/event in your life that you’re nostalgic for.
Think of a piece of jewelry you own. What is its story? Does it have any meaning to you?
What expletive/ explicit phrase do you say most often?
Has anyone ever approached you thinking you were someone else?
What food do you think should be banned from the universe?
If GPA didn’t matter, what courses would you have taken?
What is your opinion on playing “hard to get?”
What is the scariest insect you can think of?
Describe your favourite texture.
How good are you with directions?
Favorite type of cookie?
Are you good at driving?
What sport would be the funniest to add a mandatory amount of alcohol to?
Favorite Harry Potter spell?
Do you like keeping your room messy or clean?
What are some things you shouldn’t say at work?
You just walked into a bookstore. What section do you go to first?
How much of your underwear is white?
You are carpooling with your friends. Are you more likely to be the driver or a passenger?
What is your most favorite feature on your favorite electronic device?
Were you good in school?
Favorite gemstone?
In-store or online shopping?
Have you ever eaten a whole tube of Pringles by yourself?
